caf: modules: added a custom command to the shell (#11927)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/caf/caf_shell.rst

.. _caf_shell:

CAF: Shell module
###################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

The shell module of the :ref:`lib_caf` (CAF) is responsible for executing defined shell commands to interact with other CAF modules and events.

> The module can handle a command for submitting CAF button events (press or release) at the moment and should be used along with the ::ref::`caf_buttons` module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The module handles commands for submitting CAF button events (press or release) and is supposed to be used with the :ref:`caf_buttons` module.
```

Configuration
*************

> To use the module, you must enable the following Kconfig options:
> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SHELL` - This is required since we need a shell for the module to receive commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the module, enable the following Kconfig options:

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SHELL` - This option enables a shell for the module to receive commands.
```

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_APP_EVENT_MANAGER` - This option enables the application event manager.

Usage
*****

All shell commands in this module are subcommands of the ``caf_events`` command.

> To send a button event, you need to use the following syntax:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To send a button event, use the following syntax:
```

  .. code-block:: console

     caf_events set_button [buton_id] [state]

> The ``set_button`` subcommand has two required arguments:
>     * ``button_id`` - A single-digit numeric ID of the button.
>     * ``state`` - Button press state, can only be either ``y`` or ``n``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``set_button`` subcommand has two required arguments:

* ``button_id`` - A single-digit numeric ID of the button.
* ``state`` - Button press state, can only be either ``y`` or ``n``.
```

.. _caf_shell:

CAF: Shell module
###################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

The shell module of the :ref:`lib_caf` (CAF) is responsible for executing defined shell commands to interact with other CAF modules and events.
The module handles commands for submitting CAF button events (press or release) and is supposed to be used with the :ref:`caf_buttons` module.

Configuration
*************

To use the module, enable the following Kconfig options:

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SHELL` - This option enables a shell for the module to receive commands.

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_APP_EVENT_MANAGER` - This option enables the application event manager.

Reviewer 2: You can also mention that the module selects `CONFIG_CAF_BUTTON_EVENTS`

Usage
*****

All shell commands in this module are subcommands of the ``caf_events`` command.
To send a button event, use the following syntax:

  .. code-block:: console

>      caf_events set_button [buton_id] [state]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     caf_events set_button [button_id] [state]
```

The ``set_button`` subcommand has two required arguments:

> * ``button_id`` - A single-digit numeric ID of the button.

Author: I think decimal would be easier. I'll make a comment about that.

.. _caf_shell:

CAF: Shell module

> ###################

Reviewer 2: Align underscore length

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

The shell module of the :ref:`lib_caf` (CAF) allows interactions with CAF modules and events using a predefined set of Zephyr's :ref:`zephyr:shell_api` commands.
The module introduces a shell command for submitting events informing about button press or release (:c:struct:`button_event`).
Submitting :c:struct:`button_event` related to the hardware button presses can be handled by the :ref:`caf_buttons`.

Configuration
*************

To use the module, enable the following Kconfig options:

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CAF_SHELL` - This option is mandatory as it enables this module.

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SHELL` - This option enables a shell for the module to receive commands.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SHELL` - This option enables Zephyr shell that is used by the module to receive commands from user.
```

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CAF` - This option enables the Common Application Framework.

This module selects the Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CAF_BUTTON_EVENTS`.

Usage
*****

All shell commands of this module are subcommands of the :command:`caf_events` command.
To send a :c:struct:`button_event`, use the following syntax:

  .. code-block:: console

     caf_events button_event [button_id] [pressed]

> The ``button_event`` subcommand has two required arguments:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The :command:`button_event` subcommand has two required arguments:
```
